# Privacy Policy
White Night and its websites, games and other applications ("we," "our" or "us") believe that your privacy is very important. This Policy outlines the types data that we will collect from you through the various websites, games and applications we provide ("Websites/Apps"). Your installation and/or use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us constitute your consent to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 29, 2014 and was last modified on April 8, 2014.
## Only one type of information we may collect through your use of the Websites/Apps:
Non-personal "Usage Data" which is anonymous data about your use of the Websites/Apps that is tied to your computer and/or device through which you use the Websites/Apps.
## Usage Data That We Collect and How We Collect It
We may collect the following Usage Data when you make use of the Websites/Apps: your computer's IP address, your mobile phone's unique device ID or other persistent identifiers, geolocation information, your device's software platform and firmware, the type of browser you use, the date and time of your use of our Websites/Apps, the actions you take within the Websites/Apps, your game progress, play time, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or apps you used before and after using our Websites/Apps.
## Use Usage Data That We Collect
Usage Data may be used by us for administrative, analytical, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Usage Data to help us learn more about your gaming activities, personalize your content, compile statistics, respond to customer service inquiries, provide security and to otherwise enhance your gaming experience. Usage Data may also be used to help us provide you advertising that better suits your interests. Geolocation information will be used to determine the jurisdiction in which you're located so we can determine what set of laws apply to you. Your device ID may be used so we can send you push notifications (if you choose to allow that function) and track your use of our Websites/Apps so that we can better understand your preferences and tendencies which will help us best personalize your experience and provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you.
## More info
If you need more information about White Night policy please contacting us at funnygamegroup@gmail.com
